What if what happened
last time happens again?
I cannot promise you
it won't happen again.
But I can promise you...
that I will protect
you the best I can.
I am giving you a lifetime
suspension, Ms."Sagwa."
It's Sigua! You can't!
Yes, I can!
Why isn't it pink anymore?
I threw out all of your trash.
I did not agree to that.
In fact, I don't like you
working with my wife.
Well, your wife doesn't seem to
have a problem working with me.
Dodong and I will help you sell.
Don't get ahead of yourself.
You might start
thinking that I'm thinking
you're handsome even
when you're all sweaty.
Okay.
Hey, miss!
My order.
Wait, sis.
I hope your power gets cut off.
Oh, I know.
I'll just text him the threats.
I just need to speak
to Ezekiel first.
Speak.
In private.
I hope.
Then maybe she should
know you're a mafia boss.
I won't say a word.
But only if you do
something for me.
Zeke?
Shit.
Ouch!
Ezekiel is mine.
Stupid girl.
Are you really challenging me?
Gosh.
What's so funny?
You're just such a stupid girl.
Who are you calling a stupid girl?
Aemie.
What the heck?!
Someone's taking a dump in here!
Show some respect!
I can't breathe!
What did I do?
Why didn't you tell
me I was choking her?
Uh, sorry, sis.
Come on.
I was only trying to work. But
somehow, I get choked?
Motherfucker!
Can't even take a shit
in peace around here!
What?
What did she say?
Ma'am Aemie?
Are you okay, Ma'am Aemie?
Uhh.
Could you take me
to the university?
Sure, let's go.
What happened?
Jacob, Sebastian.
Ma'am Aemie.
Have you known
Fiona for a long time?
Lerwick.
You answer.
Why me? You do it.
Uh, well.
For a while.
Why do you ask, Ma'am Aemie?
Does Zeke love her?
It's okay.
You don't have to answer.
Did something happen?
I don't know either.
But it's so unusual.
It's so unusual to see
Ma'am Aemie like this.
Let's go.
Hey, Aemie girl.
Are you okay?
Sorry,
my class just ran long.
Have you been waiting here long?
Fiona and Zeke...
kissed.
What?!
You should have grabbed her hair
and slapped her as hard as you could!
Oh no!
Is that really what
you're supposed to do?
Yes!
I just left.
Because at that
moment, I felt like...
like someone had died.
Why is that, Cai?
Aemie girl.
You're really so innocent.
You see, that's a good sign.
That means you're in love.
Because when you're in love...
you become more vulnerable
to all kinds of emotions.
Like happiness, sadness,
longing, frustration, anger...
and even pain.
That's the power of love.
I was about to start singing.
But I can't.
We might get copyrighted.
Got it, got it.
You know, I think...
I really am in love.
See?
But the thing is...
Do you even know the
story behind that kiss?
I mean...
Have you and your husband
already talked about it?
So...
You don't have
to stress yourself.
I mean...
you're the wife and
he's your husband.
You have every right.
Exactly.
To hell with that bitch.
Exactly!
You should've skinned her alive.
Hey!
Oh my!
- Hey, that's pretty morbid!
- I'm just kidding!
Erase that, erase
that. Erase that.
But...
Admittedly, Cai...
Part of me...
wanted to do it.
I wanted to kill her.
The moment I saw them together.
But...
Of course, I can't.
I don't want my emotions
to get the better of me.
I may be dumb and slow...
But...
I'm not letting my actions be
overpowered by my emotions.
That's why I just walked away.
I didn't stay.
You know...
I hurt someone today.
What?!
Uh-huh.
I choked her, Cai.
- I choked her.
- You choked her?
But I did apologize.
I really didn't
mean to, I promise!
I don't know.
I think I'm going crazy.
No.
You're not crazy.
It just runs in your blood.
Huh?
Nothing, nothing.
Where's your ring?
It's--
Oh no.
Oh no, Cai!
Where's my ring?
Oh no.
Oh no, it's gone. Where is it?
Zeke?
Shit.
- Please.
- Just let me go!
Damn it!
What the fuck are
you laughing at?
Just relax, Mr. Roswell.
What happened?
Why are you so pissed?
It's none of your
fucking damn business.
Okay.
Sorry.
I'll get going.
I'm leaving.
I love her.
She saw me with Fiona.
But fuck!
I never wanted to be kissed.
I tried to talk to her but...
I don't know what to fucking do.
Just relax, Mr. Roswell.
Breathe.
Inhale.
Exhale.
Sorry.
Did you try talking to Aemie?
Are you fucking
nuts, Lamperouge?
Do you think I didn't do that?
I tried.
But...
But she just left
me dumbfounded.
Don't get mad, Mr. Roswell.
I have one more question.
How many times have
you tried talking to Aemie?
Why am I crying?
Why am I so emotional?
Go ahead!
Just stab me with
this remote already!
Go on!
It hurts so much!
Crispin!
Basilio!
It hurts so much!
Oh my god!
Could it be...
that I'm pregnant?
I think I'm pregnant!
There's a Dollie
doll at Dollie Mart!
They made it!
I'm so happy!
Fuck!
I need to fix this.
It hurts so much.
Why did it have
to end up like that?
I'm sorry, wife.
I never meant to.
Look,
she initiated the kiss.
I don't love her anymore.
Wife, please believe me.
I love you and...
Who are you talking to?
I was just trying to...
What?
I was just trying to call you.
I cooked dinner.
Come on, let's go downstairs.
What happened to Zeke?
That's between him and Fiona.
Come on,
let's eat.
Uhh.
I was just going to drink some water.
Don't you like the food?
Because, Zeke...
It's okay.
I'll make something else.
What do you prefer to eat?
I'm not hungry.
And I need to leave too.
Where are you going?
I'm really starving.
I've been wanting
to eat for a while now.
But I'm worried Zeke will
notice I'm not wearing my ring.
So I texted Caileigh to
come with me to buy a ring.
I'll eat later.
I'm asking you,
where are you going?
Caileigh and I are just
meeting up because
it's been a while
since we last bonded.
Bonding?
At this hour?
No, you're staying here.
It's safer.
- Come on, Zeke...
- I said no!
And that's final.
Why do you always
have to get your way?
Zeke, I'm not a kid anymore.
Caileigh and I are
just meeting up.
Why won't you give me
the right to do what I want?
I'm sorry.
Even though I'm really starving.
I'm really sorry, Cai.
I'm just so hungry.
It's okay, girl.
Did you find one that's
close to your ring?
How about this one, ma'am?
It doesn't really look like it, miss.
No, not that one.
Take a look at this one, girl.
This one.
It's pretty close.
It kind of...
looks like it.
Are you sure?
Cause I'm gonna
buy this one if it is.
Oh, no. Wait, wait.
No, not this one.
Let's keep looking for
one that's even closer.
Okay.
Hello.
Hello, ma'am/sir.
Congratulations.
You just won a sports
car and 1 million pesos.
In order to claim it,
just give me the number on
the back of your credit card.
This is legit. Seriously.
Seriously?
You can't fool me, scammer!
I'm tired of dancing.
Enough already, please.
How many episodes
has it been now?
Why are you so persistent, huh?
You've been at it forever!
How is the Yaji's heiress?
Oh, sorry. Wrong number.
Aemie Roswell.
Yes?
Wanna play?
Play?
Oh! Over the phone?
Oh, I can't.
Let's do it tomorrow.
It's already late.
Or just come over to our house.
I still have an extra
dollhouse there.
We'll meet soon, my dear.
Very soon.
Okay then.
Bye-bye!
Oh, wait!
She hung up.
She doesn't even
know our address.
How's she supposed to come over?
Come on.
You're so loud!
So tacky!
Wow, that lady.
She actually called me tacky!
This counts as cardio, guys!
Boo!
You're gonna ask me,
where our house is, right?
Nope.
Let's just do this instead.
- Let's meet at...
- You're meeting who?
Zeke?
Expecting someone's call?
Uh.
Ah-- well...
It's just that, um...
We will discuss that one later,
as of now tell me exactly where you are.
I didn't want to tell
you I was at YNA Mall.
I'm with Cai.
- I'm here.
- Aemie girl!
Aemie girl!
Cai, Zeke's here.
He might see us.
Just wear this for now.
Just for now, okay?
While we're still looking for
the replica.
Where is he?
Where are you?
I'm here.
See? This is what happens
when I keep avoiding him.
Now, I'm so excited
to see him.
I'll get going now, Aemie.
Want one?
Burger.
Over here, you're
going the wrong way.
This way.
So, what now?
We're just giving in, like that?
Because...
He's handsome, fresh,
and clean-looking.
No, make him work for it first.
Why?
I don't wanna hold hands.
There are so many
people watching.
The hell I care?
I said I don't want to!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry you had to see what
happened between Fiona and me.
You were simply in the wrong
place at the wrong time.
But I just wanna clear it.
There's been nothing between
Fiona and me for a long time.
I'm sorry if you feel like
I'm holding you back
or limiting your freedom.
That was never my intention.
Aemie.
I want us to be okay.
Aemie, I don't like
this feeling that...
that you're avoiding me.
Aemie, please.
What are you thinking?
Can you say something?
Please.
Aww.
Zeke's apology is so sweet.
It's so touching.
Even though he acts so tough,
he actually knows
how to apologize.
Oh, wait. He said,
"Say something."
I should give him some good news.
Hold on.
Zeke.
I'm pregnant.
Ouch!
What?
What the hell are
you talking about?
How?
We haven't even...
Did you sleep with another guy?
Answer me!
The only guy I remember
being with recently...
was Moo.
Fucking asshole!
I'm gonna kill that bastard!
Oh no.
Master has been waiting for you.
Shit.
Mr. Eiji Ferrer.
You won't get anything
from staring at me, kid.
What do you want?
Nothing, sir.
You must be Nico Jeisz Young.
Yes, sir.
Young completed all the
requirements for becoming a part of Yaji.
He's now one of us, Master.
Excuse me.
Next time,
even neophytes won't be exempted
from following my rules.
Yes, Master.
We're sorry.
It won't happen again.
Hello?
Hey, Moo!
You need to come over to
our house right now.
Because I don't have
a map to your house.
I might get lost.
I'll send you the address.
Moo, I really can't right now.
Can we do it tomorrow instead?
No, no! No, no!
It has to be tonight.
Because there's someone
here who really misses you.
They won't be able to sleep
unless they see you.
Sorry, Moo.
I really can't tonight.
I really can't right now.
Maybe next time?
do it another time?
You can go.
Oh, actually, Moo, okay.
Just send me the
address instead.
Okay, sure.
Promise, okay?
Promise?
Okay, bye.
Take care, take care, take care.
Alright.
So, is that Aemie?
Yeah.
I have to go now.
But wait.
Your master doesn't know about
all the things you're
making me do, right?
He does.
But he doesn't care
who we make you kill.
Why are you so tense?
You already
killed the first one.
Just two more, then
you're officially in.
And please, Young.
Just go with the flow
if you still want to live.
Go with the flow?
You can go.
Master might
start targeting you.
Just go see Aemie.
Okay.
Go with the flow.
I guess.
That's how it is when you're in love.
Master will understand, right?
He's been in love before.
Right?
Love,
do you have any information
about our master's ex-wife?
Not really.
Why?
Nothing.
I'm just really curious.
I don't have any
information on her,
but what if she's still alive?
And what if she's
still with Master?
Then maybe there's also
a legal successor to Yaji.
And then maybe,
if that's the case,
she'd be the only person who
could lead our mafia organization.
How's Roswell's wife?
It's going according
to plan, Master.
I'm so sure about
what he said, Vash.
I'm his adopted daughter.
Alyana Ferrer?
She has the same
name as Aemie's mommy.
Is this one of Dad's
new businesses?
He doesn't have a
pharmaceutical company.
OMG.
Are these illegal
drug transactions?
And weapons?
Yaji Mafia?
Auntie Yana?
Auntie Yana and Alyana
Ferrer are the same person?
She's married to Dad?
So, Aemie is...
You should get some rest.
I'll wait for Young.
No, it's okay.
I'm not sleepy yet.
Staying up late
isn't good for you.
Come on.
Moo!
- Hi, Moo!
- Moo!
The gate was open. So, I let myself in.
Oh my god!
Hey!
This is crazy!
Why are they fighting?!
Wait!
What's going on now?
Could they be filming something?
Maybe I'll end up on TV.
Is this that big bro's house?
Moo!
Do your best!
Why is the director taking
so long to call cut?
Hey, that looks real now!
Continuous rolling!
- Direk shouldn't you cut it already?
- Angrier!
- Direk, that fight looks real now.
- Keep rolling! Let it all out!
Continuous rolling!
Hey, Direk!
There are still more sequences!
Go inside, go inside.
Continuous rolling.
Stop!
Hey!
Stop the car!
Stop the meaning of this!
Hey, Moo!
Get up!
Are you okay?
You were at a disadvantage, man.
Did you know Aemie's pregnant?
Congrats!
Thank you, Moo!
Can you stop
flirting in front of me?
And you,
you are the fucking father!
I'll give you ten
minutes to explain.
Aemie! Aemie!
- Asshole!
- Aemie!
What's with the gun?
From Big Bro's House to Totoy
Bato real quick?
Wait a second.
And why is he saying
Moo's the father?
I mean,
how is that even possible?
He doesn't even have a wife.
Wait!
Hey!
Me?
That's impossible.
Exactly!
That's impossible, I
second the motion!
Because...
Moo's gay!
Well, it's still possible for
gay people to have kids.
They can still become fathers.
What?
Oh!
Oh no. Moo, sorry.
I outed you. I didn't mean to.
Zeke.
Keep it down.
Don't go telling everyone,
okay? Just between us.
I'm not gay.
Huh?
So you're the gay
one here, Zeke?
The fuck?
Wait, this is so confusing!
Wait a second, right?
Don't you two have
a secret love affair?
Love wins!
- What the hell?
- What?!
Huh?
What's so funny
about what I said?
Just go to sleep.
It's late.
See you at school tomorrow.
What's so funny
about what I said?
These people are crazy.
They're impossible to talk to.
I'm seriously the only
sane one left here.
Oh, you're laughing so hard?
Whatever.
You guys are so weird!
Why, Zeke?
I'm just relieved you're not
pregnant with that asshole's child.
You're really
enjoying this, huh?
That's gonna cost you.
Anyway, I want to
ask you something.
What is it?
About the caller.
Who is it?
The caller?
Oh!
The caller!
It's nothing!
Nothing.
Just some childish prankster.
Inviting me to play.
You.
You're getting
sweeter and sweeter.
My knees are seriously
getting weak, guys.
Oh my god!
I seriously can't
take it anymore. Wait.
I need to confess
two important things.
But promise me
you won't freak out.
Okay.
Promise.
Aemie.
May I sit here?
Oh, sure.
Here's the entire map
of the Grand Park Hotel.
Your target...
is the hotel owner.
Don't underestimate
Alexander Park.
According to my sources,
there'll be a lot of guards later.
Shit.
Guardian angel!
Actually, Auntie, I didn't
come here for Amesyl.
- You.
- Me?
Boss.
So you really are
bringing Aemie along?
You're...
Uhm, Vash, ma'am.
Vash Boulstridge.
Hello.
Wow.
Wow, that's a lot of guns!
One wrong move...
and you're going to get your brain
splattered all over this entrance.
MkvDrama.net